[dev-1.29] Add docs for KEP 4216: Image pull per runtime class (#44028)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/containers/images.md

characters (`_`, `-`, and `.`) inside an image tag.  
If you don't specify a tag, Kubernetes assumes you mean the tag `latest`.

> ## Image pull per runtime class

Reviewer: I would move this to just before the heading `## Serial and parallel image pulls`, and make it a 3rd level (`###` heading).

> In K8s v1.29.0-alpha.3, CRI changes needed to support image pulls based on pod runtime class
> has been introduced. It is under feature gate `RuntimeClassInImageCriApi` and off by default.
> 
> When the image pull per runtime class is GA, container images will be referenced as a tuple of
> (imageName, runtimeHandler) instead of just the imageName or image digest. This will be helpful
> in pulling suitable images for running VM based containers.
> Container runtimes may or may not add support for this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.25" state="stable" >}}
Kubernetes includes alpha support for performing image pulls based on the RuntimeClass of a Pod.

If you enable the `RuntimeClassInImageCriApi` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/),
the kubelet references container images by a tuple of (image name, runtime handler) rather than just the
image name or digest. Your {{< glossary_tooltip text="container runtime" term_id="container-runtime" >}}
may adapt its behavior based on the selected runtime handler. Provided your container runtime does include
support, this extra information passed via {{< glossary_tooltip text="CRI" term_id="cri" >}} is useful
if you mix low level runtime based on virtualization with runtimes based on Linux (cgroup and namespace) process isolation. 
```

Author: @sftim I am not sure I understand what you mean by "if you mix low level runtime based on virtualization with runtimes based on Linux (cgroup and namespace) process isolation.".

Author: Changed to:

Reviewer: The feature is only really relevant if you use different ways to run containers, on the same node. For example, if everything is gVisor on a node, you don't need this feature. Or if everything is Kata + Firecracker.
